sometimes the pursuit of greatness can
carry a heavy price your neatest thing
is uh nails on the roller and never ever
done it what well I crossed my heart
before go down the road money went
baby needs a hand
points on the board I just remember
riding it
yeah
all right though all of a sudden I wake
up and cannot move with this neck brace
around my neck I see my mom dad my
friends and I'm like you wake up and
osbourne see mom you know it's pretty
serious
a year after the accident that changed
his life forever
Stephen Murray is back on the soil where
he last walked being back in Baltimore
the chillers it's amazing it's like wow
like back here you know back in the mix
it's the first contest again everybody
wants to see me and talk to me and just
so many people inspired I really am
don't realize how many people love touch
how's it feel a year on to be back in
Baltimore let's be back here and the
support of all the athletes the riders
everybody behind me it's just a pleasure
be him really is a around it's just
amazing to be back at the place they
almost are took me out the BMX community
would not allow their fallen brother to
stay down instead their support helped
inspire his new sense of purpose I
cannot thank enough the BMX community
for one they came together immediately
to help me write my family tell me bill
to get a home to live in food to eat I
mean they seriously came together and
saved my life
everybody has taken great inspiration
from Steven strength and it's doing a
very good job in uniting the whole of
action sports I think Steven knows is
never alone in the fight to regain his
full self again I just believed it
there's a reason why I'm here it's to
send a message up yeah I did jump my
foot for all I know my neck so good
though that's how you wanna do huh
BMX turn you got to pick up a bike let's
get bored a winner
it's just about going through what
you've gone through and you not alone
and just be strong you the same work I
think that made him great on his bike he
employs in physical therapy his goal is
to one day walk again on account three
I'm gonna stump over here one two three
so